[Docs] update MCP installation instructions, Slack link, and remove Products and Hosted tools (#9)
anotherai-dev/anotherai: docs/content/docs/index.mdx

## Get Started

### Self Host Set UP

> First, you'll need to self-host your own instance ofAnotherAI. Ask Claude Code to do the setup for you by sending the following prompt:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
First, you'll need to self-host your own instance of AnotherAI. Ask Claude Code to do the setup for you by sending the following prompt:
```

Add the following configuration to your MCP servers config:

   ```json
{
  "mcpServers": {
    "anotherai": {
      "url": "{{API_URL}}/mcp/"

>     }

Reviewer: note that for the hosted version, we'll need a API KEY again. so maybe we can do two sections then.

Author: Have addressed this comment to the best of my understanding/ability, but there are still some TODOs pending the hosted version being ready

Add the following configuration to your MCP servers config:

```json
{
  "mcpServers": {
    "anotherai": {

>       "url": "https://api.anotherai.com/mcp/",

Reviewer: keep the variable `{{API_URL}}` that would be set to `api.anotherai.dev` when deployed to docs.anotherai.dev

      "headers": {

>         "Authorization": "Bearer <your_api_key_here>"

Author: made two pages ✅

</Tab>

</Tabs>

### Try out some prompts

> After you have the above self-hosting configuration and MCP set up, now you can try it. Here are some sample prompts you can send to Claude Code to get you started:

Reviewer: I think if you're thinking from a user point of view, either they have already an agent setup, and then they need to ask to migrate.

otherwise, they should create a new agent.

Author: ✅
